## Work with the source-to-image (S2I) tool
	Deploy applications using S2I
	Customize existing S2I builder images

## s2i build
	$ s2i build <source location> <builder image> [<tag>] [flags]
	s2i build https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-container.git --context-dir=examples/sample-test-app/ centos/httpd-24-centos7 httpd-sample-app

## Source-to-image build process overview
	Source-to-image (S2I) produces ready-to-run images by injecting source code into a container that prepares that source code 
	to be run. It performs the following steps:

	  - Runs the FROM <builder image> command
	  - Copies the source code to a defined location in the builder image
	  - Runs the assemble script in the builder image
	  - Sets the run script in the builder image as the default command

	Buildah then creates the container image.

## Customizing source-to-image images
	S2I builder images include assemble and run scripts
	Builder images provide their own version of the source-to-image (S2I) scripts
	Invoking scripts embedded in an image
		S2I provides a way of overriding the standard scripts by adding custom ones in the .s2i/bin directory.
		To reuse the standard scripts, you can create a wrapper script that runs custom logic and delegates further work 
		to the default scripts in the image.
	
	Look at the value of the io.openshift.s2i.scripts-url label to determine the location of the scripts inside of the builder 
	image:
		podman inspect --format='{{ index .Config.Labels "io.openshift.s2i.scripts-url" }}' wildfly/wildfly-centos7
		Sample output: image:///usr/libexec/s2i
	Create a script that includes an invocation of one of the standard scripts wrapped in other commands:
		.s2i/bin/assemble script:
			#!/bin/bash
			echo "Before assembling"

			/usr/libexec/s2i/assemble
			rc=$?

			if [ $rc -eq 0 ]; then
			    echo "After successful assembling"
			else
			    echo "After failed assembling"
			fi

			exit $rc

		.s2i/bin/run script:
			#!/bin/bash
			echo "Before running application"
			exec /usr/libexec/s2i/run
		
## Creating images from source code with source-to-image
	Understanding the source-to-image build process
	The build process consists of the following three fundamental elements, which are combined into a final container image:

	  - Sources
	  - Source-to-image (S2I) scripts
	  - Builder image

	How to write source-to-image scripts
	All of these locations are checked on each build in the following order:

	  - A script specified in the build configuration.
	  - A script found in the application source .s2i/bin directory.
	  - A script found at the default image URL with the io.openshift.s2i.scripts-url label.
	  
	Both the io.openshift.s2i.scripts-url label specified in the image and the script specified in a build configuration can 
	take one of the following forms:

	  - image:///path_to_scripts_dir: absolute path inside the image to a directory where the S2I scripts are located.
	  - file:///path_to_scripts_dir: relative or absolute path to a directory on the host where the S2I scripts are located.
	  - http(s)://path_to_scripts_dir: URL to a directory where the S2I scripts are located.
	  
